Update main-concepts.mdx (#568)
configcat/docs: website/docs/main-concepts.mdx

## Feature Flag or Setting

> A _Setting_ is an essential bit of _ConfigCat_. It can be of multiple types, such as an on/off switch (bool), number (int, double) or any text (string) your application requires to be modified without the need for a new deployment.

Reviewer: Maybe we could rephrase this as the current wording is a bit hard-to-follow:

```suggestion
A _Setting_ is an essential bit of _ConfigCat_. It can be of multiple types, such as an on/off switch (bool), number (int, double) or any text (string). You can use it to change your application's behavior remotely, without a new deployment.
```
